Lab 02:
Section 9:
    Question:
        Reading Assignment: When should accessor methods be used?
        Read the following article and find the best possible answer to the above question: Holub, Allen. “Why getter and setter methods are evil” JavaWorld, 5 Sep. 2003,
        https://www.infoworld.com/article/2073723/why-getter-and-setter-methods-are-evil.html
        You should expand your research to other sources as well. For the response, give a summary of your findings in the form of a mindmap. 
        You can draw this mind map by hand and take a picture of your work or use any online tools. In both cases, the accepted format for the image file is one of the following: .png, .jpg, .jpeg and .pdf.
    Answer:
        Bản chất của OOP là giấu đi các chi tiết bên trong. Khi tạo getter/setter cho mọi biến, tức là đang phơi bày mọi thứ của đối tượng ra ngoài, làm phá vỡ đi tính đóng gói...
        mind_map.jpg nằm trong cùng thư mục.

Section 10:
    Question:
        - If you create a constructor method to build a DVD by title then create a constructor method to build a DVD by category. Does JAVA allow you to do this?
    Answer:
        No, Java does not allow this if both parameters are of the same type (e.g., both are String). 
        Java distinguishes overloaded constructors by the number, type, and order of parameters, not by the parameter names. Since DVD(String title) and DVD(String category) have the same signature (DVD(String)), it will cause a compile-time error.

Section 15:
    Question: Is Java a pass by value or a pass by reference programming language?
    Answer: Java always pass by value.
    
    Question: After the call of swap(jungleDVD, cinderellaDVD) why does the title of these two objects still remain?
    Answer: When calling swap(jungleDVD, cinderellaDVD), Java just give the copy of jungleDVD's reference and cinderellaDVD's reference,
    and when swap objects o1, o2. We just change the copy, not original objects.

    Question: After the call of changTitle(jungleDVD, cinderellaDVD.getTitle()) why is the title of the jungleDVD changed?
    Answer: When calling dvd.setTitle, Java change the original objects.

Lab 03:

Section 14:
    Question:  Which classes are aggregates of other classes?
    Answer: Media is aggregated by Cart class or Store class. Track is aggregated by CompactDisc class.

Section 16:
    Question: What are the advantages of the Polymorphism?
    Answer: Polymorphism allows objects of different class to be treated as objects of a common superclass. Includes: code reusability, flexibility, mantainability, dynamic behavior

    Question: How is Inheritance useful to achieve Polymorphism in Java?
    Answer: Inheritance provides the common structure, why polymorphism allows different implementations of methods such as toString or play

    Question: What are the differences between Inheritance and Polymorphism in java?
    Answer: Inheritance creates the parent-child relationship, Polymorphism uses that relationship to allow the same reference type to work with different objects types and invoke the correct overridden method at runtime.

Section 17:
    Question: What class should implement the Comparable interface?
    Answer: The media class should implement the Comparable interface because (book, CompactDisc, DigitalVideoDisc) inherit from Media. This allow all media objects can be sorted with a common ordering rule.

    Question: In those classes, how should you implement the compareTo() method to reflect the ordering that we want?
    Answer: The compareTo method should compare media objects by title first. If two media have the same title, they should be compared by cost in descending order.

    Question: Can we have two ordering rules of the item (by title then cost and by cost then title) if we use this Comparable interface approach?
    Answer: No. A class can only provide one natural ordering through the compareTo() method. Therefore, using only the Comparable interface, we cannot support multiple ordering rules at the same time. To support different ordering criteria, we should use the Comparator interface.

    Question:  Suppose the DVDs have a different ordering rule from the other media types, that is by title, then decreasing length, then cost. How would you modify your code to allow this?
    Answer: If DVD have a different ordering rule, we'll override the compareTo method in the DigitalVideoDisc class.